Add comprehensive type hints to utils.py (#620)
mllam/neural-lam: CHANGELOG.md

- Resolve `xarray` `FacetGrid` `DeprecationWarning` in `plot_example.py` by using a compatibility shim [\#482](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/pull/482) @sohampatil01-svg

### Maintenance

> - Add comprehensive type hints to all functions and class methods in `utils.py` [\#618](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/pull/618) @GiGiKoneti

Reviewer: this PR is #620, not #618.

```suggestion
- Add comprehensive type hints to all functions and class methods in `utils.py` [\#620](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/pull/620) @GiGiKoneti
```

- Resolve `xarray` `FacetGrid` `DeprecationWarning` in `plot_example.py` by using a compatibility shim [\#482](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/pull/482) @sohampatil01-svg

### Maintenance

> - Stabilize the `WeatherDataset` batch contract by introducing the `ForecastBatch` named container, replacing brittle positional tuple unpacking across the codebase [\#613](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/issues/613) @GiGiKoneti
> - Add comprehensive type hints to `neural_lam/create_graph.py` [\#618](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/pull/618) @GiGiKoneti
> - Add comprehensive type hints to all functions and class methods in `utils.py` [\#620](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/pull/620) @GiGiKoneti

Reviewer: the #613 and #618 entries are not part of this PR (they belong in their own PRs). Also missing the blank line after the `### Maintenance` header that the rest of the file uses:

```suggestion
### Maintenance

- Add comprehensive type hints to all functions and class methods in `utils.py` [\#620](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/pull/620) @GiGiKoneti
```
